hello today i want to show you
how to cook strawberry jam on
fast moving which is well preserved
terrestrial
all we will start to get started
chop strawberries but such
pieces
legs and you like it if you want it
leave and the whole but me strawberry
Of medium size, I think that
leaves entirely be a little big
get pieces so I her
I grind strawberries I went over and washed
be sure to lie strawberries liter
not a kilo namely liter but the life of the body and
Now we will cook our jam here I
send 1 cup of sugar
added sugar strawberries and now be
or and cook including it to the maximum
soon maximum power and reserve
let it boil this
strawberry strawberry liter with the first
a glass of sugar began to boil
you can mix and leave let
boil look my my strawberry
sugar has already begun to boil and I will now
boil it with the first glasses of sugar
five minutes and you need to constantly like this
stir
look at me already on a big fire
strawberry will buy five minutes exactly five
minutes and now i add 2 glasses here
sugar and also stir everything so far
boil timed 55 minutes and cook on
big fire already with the second glass
sugar for another 5 minutes and add the same
the last third glass of sugar and all
just as well
boils boil and cook for 5 more minutes
high heat
See my strawberry jam already
boils 15 minutes but if you take it all together
now we could
are we going to see if our jam is ready
Now we check the signal and so we do
here you see here this strip still
a little quick and numb then I
I think that we can make our jam
just two or three more minutes
was boiling
well my jam is already turning off boiled
two more minutes now let's see
see it means that the jam is already
ready I don't want her to be with me
turned out so thick so I have it
already rented only removed the jam look
here are the jars they should be dry
in which we will throw our
jam and in which we will close
and so over the steam you need them
just a minute
to hold
By this I sterilized our banks
use any method convenient for you
can lay out jars and lids warmed
oven and literally two or three minutes to
they warmed up there very well later
good way
new to that microwave i heard but i
so she never did and merge
jam bath is that it is now a
liquid can not be afraid she must
freezes for me this is the most convenient and
as i say express method
cooking strawberry jam and there
and that here I will add a little more
jam here is this jar
Now we sit with pancakes and here it is
will be on the ground I'll close turn on
can use such banks which
immediately close look she
freezes
I think that in an hour or two she already
completely freeze look after three
hours and we already froze now
let's see what I got as
just the way i wanted but if you
want her to have you a little bit
mouth for a few minutes
you a minute or two more now
you take a look ka beats an hour try very
yummy
beautiful arbat strawberries well here
principle and all if you like my
recipe subscribe to my channel and
leave your comments
it was tasty simple and helpful pleasant
you appetite and good tea